Please run Demo_RSG.m file and when confronted with;
please indicate image file name on which image you want segmentation to be performed:
type "1.bmp" or "2.bmp" or "3.bmp" or "4.bmp" or "5.bmp"
Then wait for process to complete andthen final results will be shown as 2 different images. 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## ABSTRACT
Medical imaging devices bring great amount of useful information which support medicine in terms of differential diagnosis and patient treatment. Image segmentation is a significant part when processing the magnetic resonance images(MRI). However, there are image artifacts that damage to the process of image analysis in MRI. One of the well-known artifacts  is intensity inhomogeneity. Intensity inhomogeneities can create problems in image segmentation. There are numerous solutions to overcome the problems that intensity inhomogeneities have created and active contour methods have become very famous within couple of years. In this project, edge and region-based active contour models that can be usable for intensity information in local regions will be examined in details. Also, the reasons that cause intensity inhomogeneities such as bias fields and correction methods for intensity inhomogeneities such as region based active contour model will be investigated. Between all the model that already presented, one of them will be chosen according to the criteria for the best inhomogeneity correction approach. At the end, experimental work which is performed using real images in Matlab will be presented and the results will be shared. Finally, the future work for the field of intensity inhomogeneity correction will be discussed in the light of the obtained results. 
